**Summarize the main differences between Scrum and Kanban in your own words.**
- The main differences between Scrum and Kanban, is that Scrum is basically defined as a rigid structure and time dependent "Sprints" where a team commits in finishing a specific workloads over two to four weeks. Additionally, Scrum typically do not add new tasks once a Sprint has started, and you use specific roles like a Scrum Master to guide the process. In contrast, Kanban focuses on a continuous, fluid stream of work where tasks are pulled from a backlog as soon as there is capacity. Kanban does not use fixed time blocks and instead relies on "Work in Progress" (WIP) limits to ensure that developers aren't juggling too many tasks at once, allowing for high-priority items to be addressed the moment they appear. Basically, Kanban utilizes the to-do list principle to manage the workflow of tasks, while Scrum is more focused on the "Sprint" principle to manage the workflow of tasks. Though, both of them promotes communication and transparency.

**Identify one Agile principle you think will be most useful in your work.**
- The Agile principle that I think will be the most useful in my work in Focus Bear is: Communication with the team is key to success. This principle is very important since this will help developers such as myself solve blockers and issues more efficiently and effectively. Not only it improves the relationship between team members, but it also helps to identify and resolve blockers more quickly, which ultimately leads to a more efficient and effective development process.